## Chapter 1

#### 1. Space

- Topology space:
  - $\emptyset \in \mathcal{T}$ and $X \in \mathcal{T}$ 
  - $\bigcap_{i=1}^n U_i \in \mathcal{T}$ 
  - $\bigcup_{\alpha \in A} U_\alpha \in \mathcal{T}$
- $\sigma$ - algebra space:
  - $X \in \mathcal{M}$
  - If $A\in \mathcal{M}$, then $A^c \in \mathcal{M}$
  - $\bigcup_{n=1}^{\infty}A_i\in\mathcal{M}$
- Metric space:
  - $0\leq \rho(x,y) < \infty$
  - $\rho(x,y) = 0$ if and only if $x=y$
  - $\rho(x,y)=\rho(y,x)$
  - $\rho(x,y)\leq\rho(x,z)+\rho(z,y)$
- Measure space:
  - $\mu(\emptyset)=0$
  - $\mu(A)\geq 0$
  - $\mu(\bigcup_{n=1}^\infty A_i)=\sum_{n=1}^\infty\mu(A_i)$

#### 2. Set
- Open: The members of topology.
- Measurable: The members of $\sigma$ - algebra.
- Borel: The members of the $\sigma$ - algebra generated by the topology.
- $F_{\sigma}$'s: The members of the countable unions of all closed sets.
- $G_{\delta}$'s: The members of the countable intersections of all open sets.

#### 3. Function

- Continuous: $X$ and $Y$ are topological. For every open $V$ in $Y$, $f^{-1}(V)$ is open in $X$.

- Locally continuous: $X$ and $Y$ are topological. For every open $V$ containing $f(x_0)$ in $Y$, there's a open $W$ containing $W$ in $X$ such that $W \subset f^{-1}(V)$.

  - cts iff locally its

- Measuable: $X$ is measurable and $Y$ is topological. For every open $V$ in $Y$, $f^{-1}(V)$ is measurable in $X$.

  - If $f$ maps $X$ into $Y$ and $X$ is measurable, then $\Omega$, consisting of all the sets $E \subset Y$ such that $f^{-1}(E) \in \mathcal{M}$, is a $\sigma$ - algebra in $Y$. 

    换言之，满射函数构建一个新的sigma代数。

  - If $f$ maps $X$ into $Y$, $f$ is measurable and $E$ is a Borel set, then $f^{-1}(E)\in\mathcal{M}$.

    换言之，满射可测函数构建的sigma代数包含berel set。

  - For an extended real function, if $f^{-1}((\alpha,\infty])\in\mathcal{M}$ for every $\alpha \in R$, then $f$ is measurable.

    告诉我们证明measurable的方式是证明开集是否可以由已知在$\mathcal{M}$中的集合构建出来。

- Borel (measurable): For every open $V$ in $Y$, $f^{-1}(V)$ is a Borel set.

  - Every cts function is Borel measurable.

#### 4. Composite Function

- If $f$  and $g$ are continuous, then $h = g \circ f$ is continuous.
- If $f$  is measurable and $g$ is continuous, then $h = g \circ f$ is measurable.
- If $f$  is measurable and $g$ is Borel measurable, then $h = g \circ f$ is measurable.
- If $u$ and $v$ are real measurable functions, then $f=max\{u,v\}$ and  $g=min\{u,v\}$ are measurable, so as $f^-$ and $f^+$.
- If $u$ and $v$ are real measurable functions, then $f=u+iv$ is a complex measurable function.
- If $f=u+iv$ is a complex measurable function, then $u$,  $v$ and $|f|$ are real measurable functions.
- If $f$ and $g$ are real or complex measurable functions, then $f+g$ and $f \cdot g$ are measurable functions.
- If $f$ is a complex measurable function, then $f$ can be expressed as $\alpha \cdot |f|$, where $\alpha$ is also a complex measurable function.

#### 5. Function Sequence

- If $f_n$ is NMF, then $g=\underset{n\geq 1}{sup \ f_n}$ and $g=\underset{n\to \infty}{lim\sup \ f_n}$ are measurable.
- The limit of pointwise convergent sequence of real or complex measurable functions is measurable.
- For every NMF $f$, there exist an increasing sequence of positively simple measurable function whose pointwisely convergent limit is $f$.

#### 6. Integration on Positive Function

- $\int_Esd\mu = \sum_{i=1}^n\alpha_i\mu(A_i\cap E)$

- $\int_Efd\mu = sup\int_Esd\mu$

- $\int_E(f+g)d\mu = \int_Efd\mu+\int_Egd\mu$

- $\int_Ecfd\mu = c\int_Efd\mu$

- Theorem:
  - For the increasing NMF sequence $\{f_n\}$, if $f_n\to f$ pointwisely, then $\int_Xf_nd\mu \to \int_Xfd\mu$.
  
  - For NMFs $f_n$, if $f=\sum_{n=1}^\infty f_n$ pointwisely, then $\int_Xfd\mu=\sum_{n=1}^\infty \int_X f_nd\mu$.
  
    对于正函数，函数收敛积分和函数级数积分没有任何条件
  
  - For NMFs $f_n$, $\int_X\underset{n\to \infty}{lim\inf \ f_n}d\mu\leq\underset{n\to \infty}{lim\inf} \int_X f_nd\mu$.
  
  - $\phi(E)=\int_Efd\mu$ where $f$ is NMF. For NMF $g$, $\int_Xgd\phi = \int_Xg\cdot fd\mu$.

#### 7. Integration on Complex Function

- $L^1(\mu)$: The collection of all complex measurable functions $f$ on $X$ such that $\int_X|f|d\mu<\infty$ .

- If $f \in L^1(\mu)$, $\int_Xfd\mu=\int_Xu^+d\mu+\int_Xu^-d\mu+\int_Xv^+d\mu+\int_Xv^-d\mu$

- $\int_E(\alpha f+\beta g)d\mu = \alpha\int_Efd\mu+\beta\int_Egd\mu$

- $|\int_Xfd\mu| \leq \int_X|f|d\mu$, $=$ when $\alpha f=|f|$

- Theorem:

  - For complex measurable functions $\{f_n\}$, if $|f_n|\leq g$ where $g\in L^1(\mu)$ and $f_n \to f$ pointwisely, then $f\in L^1(\mu)$, $\underset{n\to \infty}{lim}\int_Xf_nd\mu=\int_Xfd\mu$ and $\underset{n\to \infty}{lim}\int_X|f_n-f|d\mu=0$.

    条件是每个$f_n$的绝对值都小于等于$g$（被控制）。

  - For complex measurable functions $\{f_n\}$, if $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}\int_X|f_n|d\mu<\infty$ , then $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}f_n$ converges pointwisely, denoted as $f$, $f\in L^1(\mu)$ and $\int_Xfd\mu=\sum_{n=1}^\infty \int_X f_nd\mu$.
  
    条件是$f_n$绝对值的积分之和有限，蕴含$f_n\in L^1(\mu)$。条件也可以是$\int_X\sum_{n=1}^{\infty}|f_n|d\mu<\infty$
  
- Theorem about a.e.:

  - If $f$ is a NMF and $\int_E fd\mu=0$, then $f=0$ a.e. on $E$.
  - If $f\in L^1(\mu)$ and $\int_E fd\mu=0$ For every $E\in \mathcal{M}$, then $f=0$ a.e. on $X$.
  - $\mu(X)<\infty$ and $f\in L^1(\mu)$. If $A_E(f)=\frac{\int_Efd\mu}{\mu(E)}$ lie in a closed set $S$ in complex plane for every $E\in \mathcal{M}$ with $\mu(E)>0$, then $f(x)\in S$ for almost all $x\in X$.
  - If $\{E_k\}$ is a sequence of measurable sets in $X$ and $\sum_{k=1}^{\infty}\mu(E_k)<\infty$, then almost all $x\in X$ lie in at most finitely many of the sets $E_k$.

---



## Chapter 2

#### 1. Space

- Vector space:

  - $x + y \in V$
  - $x + y = y + x$
  - $(x + y) + z = x + (y + z)$
  - $x + 0 = x$
  - $x + (-x) = 0$
  - $a \cdot x \in V$
  - $a(x + y) = a x + a y$
  - $(a + b)x = a x + b x$
  - $a(bx) = (a b)x$
  - $1x = x$
  
- Hausdorff space: If $p \in X$, $q \in X$ and $p\neq q$, then $p$ has a neighborhood $U$ and $q$ has a neighborhood $V$ such that $U\cup V = \emptyset$.
  - Metric space is Hausdorff space.
  - $R^n$ is a locally compact Hausdorff space.

#### 2. Set

- Closed: Complement of closed $E$ is open.
- Closure: The smallest closed set $\overline{E}$ in $X$ which contains $E$.
- Compact: Every open cover of $K$ contains a finite subcover.
- Locally compact: every point of $X$ has neighborhood whose closure is compact.
- Theorem:
  - In top ological space, $K$ is compact and $F$ is closed. If $F \subset K$, then $F$ is compact.
  - In topological space, if $A \subset B$ and $B$ has a compact closure, then A also has a compact closure.
  - In Hausdorff space, compact set is closed.
  - In Hausdorff space, if $K$ is compact and $F$ is closed, then $F\cap K$ is compact.
  - In Hausdorff space, if $K$ is compact and $p\in K^c$, then there are open sets $U$ and $W$ such that $p\in U$ and $K\subset W$ and $U\cap W = \emptyset$.
  - In Hausdorff space, $\{K_a\}$ is a collection of compact sets. If $\bigcap_a K_a = \emptyset$, then there is a finite subcollection of $\{K_a\}$ whose intersection is $\emptyset$.
  - In locally compact Hausdorff space, $U$ is open and $K$ is compact. If $K\subset U$, then there is an open set $V$ such that $\overline{V}$ is compact and $K\subset V \subset \overline{V} \subset U$.

- $\sigma$-compact: countable union of compact sets.
- $\sigma$-finite measure: countable union of set with finite measure.

#### 3. Function

- Theorem:
  - $X$ and $Y$ are topological spaces. $K$ is compact in $X$. If $f:X\to Y$ is continuous, then $f(K)$ is compact.

- Linear functional: $\wedge$ maps from vector space $V$ to vector space $W$ such that $\wedge(\alpha x+\beta y)=\alpha\wedge x+\beta\wedge y$.
- Lower semicontinuous: extended real function on topological space such that for every real $\alpha$, $\{x:f(x)>\alpha\}$ is open.
  - Characteristic function of open set is lower semicontinuous.
  - The supremum of a collection of lower semicontinuous is lower semicontinuous.
- Upper semicontinuous: extended real function on topological space such that for every real $\alpha$, $\{x:f(x)<\alpha\}$ is open.
  - Characteristic function of closed set is upper semicontinuous.
  - The infimum of a collection of upper semicontinuous is upper semicontinuous.
- Obivously continuous: lower semicontinuous and upper semicontinuous.
- Support: closure of the set $\{x:f(x)\neq 0\}$ for complex function on a topological space.
- $C_c(X)$: the collection of all continuous complex functions on $X$ whose support is compact.
  - $C_c(X)$ is a vector space.
  - The range of $f\in C_c(X)$ is compact.

- $K \prec f$: $K$ is compact and $f\in C_c(X)$ that $0\leq f\leq 1$ and $f(x)=1$ for $x\in K$.

- $f \prec V$:  $V$ is open and $f\in C_c(X)$ that $0\leq f\leq 1$ and $f(x)=0$ for $x\in V^c$.

- theorem:

  - In locally compact Hausdorff space, if $V$ is open, $K$ is compact and $K\subset V$, then there exist $f\in C_c(X)$ such that $K \prec f\prec V$.

  - In locally compact Hausdorff space, if $V_1,...V_n$ are open, $K$ is compact and $K\subset V_1\cup ...\cup V_n$, then there exist functions $h_i \prec V_i$ such that $h_1(x)+...+h_n(x)=1$ for $x\in K$.

    有$K\prec h_1+...+h_n \prec V_1\cup ...\cup V_n$。若$K \prec f \prec V$， $f= h_1f+...+h_nf$ 且 $h_if\prec V_i$。

#### 4. Measure

- Riesz representation theorem: In locally compact Hausdorff space $X$, $\wedge$ is a positive linear functional on $C_c(X)$. Then there exists a $\sigma$-algebra $\mathcal{M}$ containing all Borel Sets and a unique positive $\mu$ such that:

  ​	(1) $\wedge f = \int_X fd\mu$ for $f\in C_c(x)$.

  ​	(2) $\mu(K)<\infty$ for compact $K$.

  ​	(3) $\mu(E)=inf\{\mu(V):E\subset V, \ V\ is \ open\}$ for $E \in \mathcal{M}$.

  ​	(4) $\mu(E)=sup\{\mu(K):E\subset K, \ K\ is \ compact\}$ for open $V$ and $E \in \mathcal{M}$ with $\mu(E)<\infty$.

  ​	(5) $E\in \mathcal{M}$ and $\mu(E)=0$. If $A\subset E$, then $A \in \mathcal{M}$.

- Inner regular: $\mu(E)=sup\{\mu(K):E\subset K, \ K\ is \ compact\}$ for $E \in \mathcal{M}$.

- Outer regular: $\mu(E)=inf\{\mu(V):E\subset V, \ V\ is \ open\}$ for $E \in \mathcal{M}$.

- Regular: inner regular and outer regular.
- Theorem:
  - In locally compact, $\sigma$-compact Hausdorff space, the measure in Riesz representation theorem becomes regular. Furthermore, if $E\in \mathcal{M}$ and $\epsilon>0$, there's a closed set $F$ and a open set $V$ such that $F\subset E \subset V$ and $\mu(V-F)<\epsilon$; if $E\in \mathcal{M}$, there's a $F_\sigma$'s set $A$ and a $G_\delta$'s set $B$ such that $A\subset E \subset B$ and $\mu(B-A)=0$.
  - In locally compact Hausdorff space, if every open set is $\sigma$-compact and $\lambda$ is a positive Borel measure such that $\lambda(K)<\infty$ for compact $K$, then $\lambda$ is regular.
  - Every set of positive measure has nonmeasurable subsets.

- Lebesgue measure: In $R^k$, there is a positive complete regular measure $m$ defined on a $\sigma$-algebra $\mathcal{M}$ such that:

​		(1) $m(W)=vol(W)$ for k-cell $W$.

​		(2) $\mathcal{M}$ contains all Borel sets. $E\in \mathcal{M}$ iff there's a $F_\sigma$'s set $A$ and a $G_\delta$'s set $B$ such that $A\subset E \subset B$ and $\mu(B-A)=0$.

​		(3) $m(E+x)=m(E)$ for $E\in \mathcal{M}$ and $x\in R^k$.

​		(4) If $\mu$ is a positive translation-invariant Borel measure on $R^k$ such that $\mu(K)<\infty$ for compact $K$, then there's a constant $c$ such that $\mu=cm$.

​		(5) $T$ is a linear transformation of $R^k$ to $R^k$. $m(T(E))=|det(T)|m(E)$ for $E\in \mathcal{M}$.

#### 5. Measurable Functions

- Lusin's theorem: In locally compact Hausdorff space $X$, $f$ is a complex measurable function. If for set $A$, $f(x)=0$ if $x\notin A$, $\mu(A)<\infty$ and $\epsilon > 0$, then there exist a $g\in C_c(X)$ such that $\mu(\{x:f(x)\neq g(x)\})<\epsilon$ and $\underset{x\in X}{sup|g(x)|}\leq\underset{x\in X}{sup|f(x)|}$.
  - If $|f|\leq 1$, then there's a sequence $\{g_n\}$ such that $g_n\in C_c(X)$, $|g_n|\leq1$ and $f(x)=\underset{n\to \infty}{lim\ g_n(x)}$ a.e.

- The Vitali-Caratheodory theorem: $f\in L^1(\mu)$ is a real function. For $\epsilon>0$, there exist functions $u$ and $v$ such that $u\leq f \leq v$, $u$ is upper semicontinuous and bounded above, $v$ is lower semicontinuous and bounded below and $\int_X(v-u)d\mu<\epsilon$.

---



## Chapter 3

#### 1. Convex Function

- Convex function: real function $\phi$ defined on $(a,b)$, where $-\infty\leq a<b\leq \infty$ such that $\phi ((1-\lambda)x+\lambda y)\leq(1-\lambda)\phi(x)+\lambda\phi(y)$ wherever $a<x<b$, $a<y<b$ and $0\leq\lambda \leq 1$ or $\frac{\phi(t)-\phi(s)}{t-s}\leq \frac{\phi(u)-\phi(t)}{u-t}$ wherever $a<s<t<u<b$.
  - Convex function is continuous on open segment.

- Jensen's inequality: $f$ is a real function in $L^1(\mu)$, $\mu$ is a positive measure and $\Omega \in \mathcal{M}$ such that $\mu(\Omega)=1$. If $a<f(x)<b$ for $x\in \Omega$ and $\phi$ is convex on $(a,b)$, then $\phi(\int_\Omega fd\mu)\leq\int_\Omega \phi \circ fd\mu$.
  - $(x_1x_2...x_n)^{1/n}\leq\frac{1}{n}(x_1+x_2+...+x_n)$ for $x_i>0$
  - $x_1^{a_1}x_2^{a_2}...x_n^{a_n}\leq a_1x_1+a_2x_2+...+a_nx_n)$ where $\sum a_i =1$
  - $e^{\int_{\Omega} \log gd\mu}\leq \int_\Omega gd\mu$ for $\mu(\Omega)=1$
  - $\int_X fgd\mu \leq \{\int_X f^pd\mu\}^{1/p}\{\int_X g^qd\mu\}^{1/q}$ where $f$ and $g$ are NMFs, $1<p<\infty$ and $\frac{1}{p}+\frac{1}{q}=1$. The equality holds when $\alpha f^p=\beta g^q$ a.e. and $\alpha$ and $\beta$ are not both 0.
  - $\{\int_X (f+g)^pd\mu\}^{1/p} \leq \{\int_X f^pd\mu\}^{1/p}+\{\int_X g^pd\mu\}^{1/p}$ where $f$ and $g$ are NMFs and $1<p<\infty$. The equality holds when $f=\lambda g$ a.e. and $\lambda >0$.

#### 2. $L^p$ Space

- Essential supremum: $inf\{\alpha:\mu(f^{-1}((\alpha,\infty]))=0\}$ where $f$ is NMF.
- $C_0(X)$: the class of all continuous functions on $X$ such that $\underset{x \to \infty}{f(x)}=0$.

- $L^p$-norm: $\|f\|_p=\{\int_X|f|^pd\mu\}^{1/p}$ for $0<p<\infty$ and $\|f\|_\infty =$ essential supremum of $f$
- $L^p(\mu)$:  the set consisting of $\|f\|_p<\infty$ for $0<p\leq \infty$
  - If $1\leq p \leq \infty$, $\frac{1}{p}+\frac{1}{q}=1$, $f\in L^p(\mu)$ and $g\in L^q(\mu)$, then $fg\in L^1(\mu)$ and $\|fg\|_1\leq \|f\|_p\|g\|_q$
  - If $1\leq p \leq \infty$, $f\in L^p(\mu)$ and $g\in L^p(\mu)$, then $f+g\in L^p(\mu)$ and $\|f+g\|_p\leq \|f\|_p+\|g\|_p$
  - If $1\leq p \leq \infty$, $f\in L^p(\mu)$ and $\alpha$ is a complex number, then $\alpha f\in L^p(\mu)$ and $\|\alpha f\|_1 = |\alpha|\|f\|_p$
  - Considering equal functions a.e. as equivalence, for $1\leq p \leq \infty$ and positive measure $\mu$, $L^p(\mu)$ is a complete metric space.
  - $S$ is the class of all complex measurable and simple functions such that $\mu(\{x:s(x)\neq0\}<\infty)$. If $1\leq p < \infty $, then $S$ is dense in $L^p(\mu)$.
  - If $1\leq p < \infty $, then $C_c(X)$ is dense in $L^p(\mu)$.
  - In locally compact Hausdorff space, $C_0(X)$ is the completion of $C_c(X)$ relative to the metric defined by $\|f\|_\infty$.

---



## Chapter 4

### 1. Space

- Inner product space:
  - $(x,y)=\overline{(y,x)}$
  - $(x+y,z)=(x,z)+(y,z)$ and $(x,y+z)=(x,y)+(x,z)$
  - $(\alpha x,y)=\alpha(x,y)$ and $(x,\alpha y)=\overline{\alpha}(x,y)$
  - $(x,x)\geq0$
  - $(x,x)=0$ iff $x=0$
  - Property:
    - Inner product space is a complex vector space, a topology space, a measurable space, a norm space, a metric space and a Hausdorff space.
    - Schwarz inequality: $|(x,y)|\leq\|x\|\|y\|$
    - Triangle Inequality: $\|x+y\|\leq \|x\|+\|y\|$
- Hilbert space: complete inner product space,
  - $C^n$ is a Hilbert space.
  - $L^2(\mu)$ is a Hilbert space with the inner product $\int_X f\overline{g}d\mu$.
  - Theorem:
    - In Hilbert space, inner product and norm are cts.
    - If $L$ is a cts linear function on Hilbert space $H$, then there is a unique $y\in H$ such that $Lx=(x,y)$ for $x\in H$. 

- $l^2$ space: $L^2(\mu)$ space where $\mu$ is the counting measure and $X$ is a countable set.
- Partially ordered:
  - If $a\leq b$ and $b\leq c$, then $a\leq c$.
  - $a\leq a$
  - If $a\leq b$ and $b \leq a$, then $a=b$.
  - Theorem:
    - Nonempty partially ordered set ontains a maximal totally ordered subset. 

### 2. Set

- Subspace of $V$: $M\subset V$ and $M$ is a vector space.
  - $x+y\in M$ and $\alpha x \in M$  

- Convex Set: set $E$ in vector space such that $(1-t)x+ty\in E$ for $0<t<1$.
  - In Hilbert space, closed and convex set $E$ has a unique element of smallest norm.
- $x^\perp$: members of vector $y$ such that $(x,y)=0$.
- $M^\perp$:  members of vector $y$ such that $(x,y)=0$ for all $x\in M$.
  - $M^\perp$ is closed.
  - In Hilbert space $H$, $M$ is a closed subspace. Every $x\in H$, $x=Px+Qx$, where $Px\in M$ and $Qx\in M^\perp$. $Px$ is the closest point in $M$ to $x$ and $Qx$ is the closest point in $M^\perp$ to $x$. The mapping $P$ and $Q$ are linear. $\|x\|^2 = \|Px\|^2+\|Qx\|^2$.
  - If $M\neq H$, then there exist a vector $y\neq0$ such that  $y\in M^\perp$.

 ### 3. Orthonormal Set

- Orthonormal set $\{u_\alpha\}$: $(u_\alpha,u_\beta)=0$ for $\alpha \neq \beta$ and $\|u_\alpha\|=1$.
- Maximal orthonormal set: no more vector can be adjoined to $\{u_\alpha\}$ in such a way that keeping $u_\alpha$s still orthonormal.
- Theorem: 
  - For metric space $X$ and $Y$, $X$ is complete. $f:X\to Y$ is a cts function. If $X_0$ is a dense subset in $X$, $f$ is a isometry on $X_0$ and $f(X_0)$ is dense in $Y$, then $f$ is an isometry of $X$ onto $Y$.
  - In Hilbert space $H$, $\{u_\alpha:\alpha\in A\}$ is an orthonormal set and $P$ is the space of all finite linear combination of vectors $u_\alpha$. $\sum_{\alpha\in A}|\hat{x}(\alpha)|^2\leq\|x\|^2$ holds for every $x\in H$. Furthermore, when restrict the domain of the function $x \to \hat{x}$ to $\overline{P}$, it is a cts function and is an isometry of $\overline{P}$ onto $l^2(A)$.
  - The following four statements are equivalent:
    - $\{u_\alpha\}$ is a maximum orthonormal set in Hilbert space $H$.
    - The set $P$ of all finite linear combinations of members of $\{u_\alpha\}$ is dense in $H$.
    - $\sum_{\alpha\in A}|\hat{x}(\alpha)|^2=\|x\|^2$ for $x\in H$.
    - $\sum_{\alpha\in A}\hat{x}(\alpha)\overline{\hat{y}(\alpha)}=(x,y)$ for $x\in H$ and $y\in H$.

- Isomorphism: linear mapping $\wedge: H_1 \to H_2$ such that $(\wedge a, \wedge y)=(x,y)$ for $x\in H_1$ and $y\in H_1$.
- Theorem: In a Hilbert space $H$, every orthonormal set $B$  is contained in a maximal orthonormal set.

### 4. Trigonometric Series

- $L^p(T)$: $L^p(\mu)$ whose domain is $[-\pi,\pi]$
- Trigonometric polynomial: $f(t)= \sum_{n=-N}^{N}c_ne^{int}$
- Theorem:
  - If $f\in C(T)$ and $\epsilon >0$, there is a trigonometric polynomial $P$ such that $\|f-P\|_\infty < \epsilon$
    - 这证明三角多项式在$L^2$空间中是稠密的，说明$\{e^{int}\}$是一个完备基，从而说明傅立叶展开在$L^2$空间中是收敛的

- Fourier coefficient: $\hat{f}(n)=\frac{1}{2\pi}\int_{-\pi}^{\pi}f(t)e^{-int}dt$ for $n\in Z$
- Fourier series: $\sum_{-\infty}^\infty\hat{f}(n)e^{int}$
- Fourier partial sum: $\sum_{-N}^N\hat{f}(n)e^{int}$
